README.md, before:

# python-instacart-analysis
Purpose of repository

## Project Objective
![Screenshot of Instacart logo](https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513450/Instacart_Logo.jpg?w=200)

Instacart is an online grocery store that operates through an app. Instacart is looking to uncover
more information about their sales patterns. My task as a data analyst is to perform an initial
data and exploratory analysis of some of their data in order to derive insights and suggest
strategies for better segmentation based on the provided criteria.

## Tools
For this project, the following Python libraries were used:
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- scipy
- seaborn

## Executing the Code
The code is available as Jupyter notebooks, available under 
/03-2023 Instacart Basket Analysis/Scripts/.

## Resources
Data Citation:
- “The Instacart Online Grocery Shopping Dataset 2017”, Accessed from 
https://www.instacart.com/datasets/grocery-shopping-2017 on 03/13/2023.
Note: The customer data and the “prices” column in the products data set were both fabricated for
the purpose of this project.

For Customer Profiling:
- "Where Do I Fall in the American Economic Class System?", Accessed from 
https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/family-finance/articles/where-do-i-fall-in-the-american-economic-class-system on 04/06/2023
- "Generations defined by name, birth year, and ages in 2023" , Accessed from
https://www.beresfordresearch.com/age-range-by-generation/ on 04/06/2023

Commit message:

Update Executing the Code section with info about final report

README.md, after:

# python-instacart-analysis
Purpose of repository

## Project Objective
![Screenshot of Instacart logo](https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513450/Instacart_Logo.jpg?w=200)

Instacart is an online grocery store that operates through an app. Instacart is looking to uncover
more information about their sales patterns. My task as a data analyst is to perform an initial
data and exploratory analysis of some of their data in order to derive insights and suggest
strategies for better segmentation based on the provided criteria.

## Tools
For this project, the following Python libraries were used:
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- scipy
- seaborn

## Executing the Code
The code is available as Jupyter notebooks, available under 
/03-2023 Instacart Basket Analysis/Scripts/.

The final report can be found under
/03-2023 Instacart Basket Analysis/Sent to Client/.

## Resources
Data Citation:
- “The Instacart Online Grocery Shopping Dataset 2017”, Accessed from 
https://www.instacart.com/datasets/grocery-shopping-2017 on 03/13/2023.
Note: The customer data and the “prices” column in the products data set were both fabricated for
the purpose of this project.

For Customer Profiling:
- "Where Do I Fall in the American Economic Class System?", Accessed from 
https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/family-finance/articles/where-do-i-fall-in-the-american-economic-class-system on 04/06/2023
- "Generations defined by name, birth year, and ages in 2023" , Accessed from
https://www.beresfordresearch.com/age-range-by-generation/ on 04/06/2023
